Added sending limits for non prod systems (#1709)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/cloud/dev/spryker-cloud-commerce-os/preparation-for-going-live.md

{% info_block warningBox "Email quota restrictions" %}

PaaS production email service has the following quotas:
* Daily sending limit: 50.000 emails.
* Sending limit messages per second: 14.

PaaS non produciton email service has the following quotas:
* Daily sending limit: 200 emails.
* Sending limit messages per second: 1

> * Please note that recipients of emails need to be individually [verified](https://docs.spryker.com/docs/cloud/dev/spryker-cloud-commerce-os/verifying-email-addresses.html) for non production systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{% info_block infoBox "Note" %}

Recipients of emails need to be individually [verified](https://docs.spryker.com/docs/cloud/dev/spryker-cloud-commerce-os/verifying-email-addresses.html) for nonproduction systems.

{% endinfo_block %}

```
